[backport to v0.37.x] config: add bootstrap peers (tendermint#9680) (#1019)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/features/9680-config-bootstrap-ppers.md

> - `[config]` Introduce `BootstrapPeers` to the config to allow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[config]` Introduce `p2p.bootstrap_peers` to the config to allow
```

Operators don't see the `BootstrapPeers` variable - they see the configuration file entry.
